# Page 1

![क्षण आणि विकास
महाराष्ट्र शासन

# INVITATION FOR BID
(Open Bid on GeM portal)

Selection of Agency for Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Scanners at Regional, District, Sub
Divisional Water Testing Laboratories and Administrative Office's in Konkan Region of GSDA under
Water Quality monitoring and Surveillance program in Jal Jeevan Mission

## SCANNERS
Bid Ref: No. GSDA/Lab/W.Q.M.& S.P/Tender- 03/P.K-25/1208/2024

DATE: 24/12/2024

Not Transferable

Issued By
**Deputy Director**
Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD),
Government of Maharashtra (GoM)
Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan
CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614
Maharashtra,

---

# Page 2

CONTENTS
1.1. Key Events and Dates................................................................................................................................ v
1.2. Other Important Information related to Bid ............................................................................................ vi
II. Instructions to Bidders.... .......................................................................................................................... 7
2.1. General Information and Guidelines ..................................................................................................... 7
2.2. Consortium Conditions: Not Applicable................................................................................................... 7
2.3. Tender Fees ............................................................................................................................................. 7
2.4. Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) ................................................................................................................ 7
2.5. Contact Details ........................................................................................................................................ 8
2.6. Pre-Bid Meeting....................................................................................................................................... 8
2.7. Corrigendum / Amendment to the Tender ............................................................................................. 8
2.8. Bid Preparation Cost............................................................................................................................... 9
III. Bid Submission Instructions ..................................................................................................................... 10
3.1. Online Bid Submission ......................................................................................................................... 10
3.2. Eligibility Criteria.................................................................................................................................... 10
3.3. Technical Bid (Envelop - A): Documents to be uploaded ...................................................................... 12
3.4. Financial Bid (Envelop - B) ................................................................................................................... 13
3.5. Validity of Bid........................................................................................................................................ 13
3.6. Corrections/ errors in Financial Bid....................................................................................................... 13
3.7. Language................................................................................................................................................. 13
3.8. Conditions under which Tender is issued ............................................................................................. 13
3.9. Right to the content of Bids.................................................................................................................. 14
3.10. Non-Conforming Bid ......................................................................................................................... 14
3.11. Disqualification ................................................................................................................................... 14
3.12. Acknowledgement of Understanding................................................................................................... 15
3.13. Mode of Selection ............................................................................................................................... 15
IV. Bid opening and Evaluation process ...................................................................................................... 16
4.1. Bid Opening .......................................................................................................................................... 16
4.2. Opening of Envelop – A (Technical Bid).............................................................................................. 16
4.3. Evaluation of Technical Bid................................................................................................................... 16
4.4. Opening of Envelop - B (Financial Bid) .............................................................................................. 16
4.5. Award Criteria........................................................................................................................................ 16
4.6. Right to accept any Bid and to reject any or all Bids ............................................................................ 16
4.7. Notification of Award ............................................................................................................................ 16
4.8. Signing of Contract ............................................................................................................................... 17
4.9. Failure to agree with Terms and Conditions of this Tender................................................................... 17


---

# Page 3

4.10. Performance Security 17
4.11. Details of Technical Specification 17
4.12. Schedule of Requirement, Delivery and Installation. 18
4.13. Insurance 18
4.14. Inspection 18
4.15. Liquidity Damages 18
4.16. Warranty/ Guarantee 18
4.17. Payment Terms. 19
4.18. Escalation Matrix for Service Support 19
4.19. Subletting.. 20
4.20. Governing Law 20
Annexure A: Technical Specifications 21
Annexure B: Terms of Reference (TOR). 23
Form 1: Tender Acceptance Letter 24
Form 2: Bidder Information 25
Form 3: Performance Statement 26
Form4: Turnover certificate 27
Form5: Declaration 28
Form6: Queries of Bidder for Pre-Bid Meeting). 29
Form7: Bank Guarantee Format 30
Form8: Details of the document submitted 32
Form 9: Self-declaration format for Instrument Calibration 33
Form 10: Undertaking of Branch office/Service Centre... 34
Form 11: Compliance to technical specifications 34
Form 12: Undertaking of authenticity. 36
Form 13: OEM Certificate 37
Form 14: Manufacturer's Authorization Certificate 38
Annexure C: Financial Bid Form (BOQ) in Excel format. 39
Annexure D: Draft Contract Agreement 40
I. GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT (GCC) 42
II. SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT (SCC) 53
Appendix A: Technical Specifications.. 55
Appendix B: General Notice. 56
III. Appendix C: Certificate of Receipt of Goods. 57
Appendix D: List of Consignee for Supply of Scanners. 59


---

# Page 4

DISCLAIMER
a) Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA), Konkan region, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai,
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD), Government of Maharashtra (GoM) hereinafter referred to as
"Tender Inviting Authority (TIA)" has issued this Notice Inviting Tender (hereinafter referred to as the Tender
Document) for Supply Installation and Commissioning of Scanners under Water Quality monitoring and Surveillance
program in Jal Jeevan Mission.
b) This bid document has been prepared with intent to invite prospective applicants/ bidders and to assist them in
making their decision of whether or not to submit a bid. It is hereby clarified that this bid is not an agreement, and
the purpose of this bid is to provide the bidder(s) with the information to assist them in the formulation of their bids.
This bid document does not purport to contain all the information bidders may require. This bid may not be
appropriate for all persons or entities, and it is not possible for the TIA to consider the investment objectives,
financial situation, and particular needs of each bidder.
c) TIA has taken due care in preparation of information contained herein. However, this information is not intended to
be exhaustive. The interested bidders are required to make their own inquiries so that they do not solely rely on the
information contained in this bid document in submitting their bids. This bid document includes statements, which
reflect various assumptions and assessments arrived at by the TIA in relation to the project. Such assumptions,
assessments and statements do not purport to contain all the information that each bidder may require.
d) This bid is not an agreement by or between the TIA and the prospective bidders or any other person and the
information contained in this document is provided on the basis that it is non-binding on the TIA, any of its
authorities or agencies, or any of their respective officers, employees, agents, or advisors. The TIA makes no
representation or warranty and shall incur no liability under any law as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of
the information contained in the bid document. Each bidder is advised to consider this document as per his
understanding and capacity. The bidders are also advised to do appropriate examination, enquiry and scrutiny of all
aspects mentioned in this document before bidding. The bidders are also requested to go through this bid document
in detail and bring to notice of the TIA, any kind of error, misprint, inaccuracies, or omission in the document. The TIA
reserves the right not to proceed with the project, to alter the timetable reflected in this document, or to change the
process or procedure to be applied. It also reserves the right to decline to discuss the project further with any party
submitting a bid.
e) No reimbursement of cost of any type will be paid to persons or entities submitting a bid. The bidder shall bear all
costs arising from, associated with or relating to the preparation and submission of its bid including but not limited to
preparation, copying, postage, delivery fees, expenses associated with any demonstrations or presentations which
may be required by the TIA, or any other costs incurred in connection with or relating to its bid.
f) This issue of bid does not imply that the TIA is bound to select and technically qualify bids or to appoint the selected
bidder, as the case may be, for the project and it reserves the right to reject all or any of the bids without assigning
any reasons whatsoever.
g) The TIA may, in its absolute discretion but without being under any obligation to do so, update or amend the
information contained in this bid document before bid submission deadline.
h) The TIA, its employees and advisors make no representation or warranty and shall have no liability (for any cost,
damage, loss or expense which may arise from or is incurred or suffered on account of anything contained in this bid
document or otherwise, including but not limited to the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, completeness or reliability
of the bid document and any assessment, assumption, statement or information contained therein or deemed to be
part of this document or arising in any way with eligibility of bidder for participation in the bidding process) towards
any Applicant or bidder or a third person, under any law, statute, rule, regulation or tort law, principles of restitution
or unjust enrichment or otherwise.
i) The TIA also accepts no liability of any nature whether resulting from negligence or otherwise caused arising from
reliance of any bidder upon the statement contained in this tender document.
j) Interested bidders, after careful review of all the clauses of this 'Notice Inviting Bid', are encouraged to send their
suggestions in writing to the TIA. Such suggestions, after a review, may be incorporated into this bid document as a
corrigendum, which shall be uploaded onto the GeM website.


---

# Page 5

DEPUTY DIRECTOR,
GROUNDWATER SURVEYS AND DEVELOPMENT AGENCY,
WATER SUPPLY SANITATION DEPARTMENT, GOVT. OF MAHARASHTRA.
KONKAN REGION.

BID NO- GSDA/Lab/W.Q.M.& S.P/Tender- 03/P.K-25/1208/2024

## Background Information
Under the Jal Jeevan Mission program, the main objective is to provide clean and pure drinking water to
the people in rural areas. Accordingly, samples of public drinking water sources in the state are collected
through Zilla Parishads. These water samples are tested through the laboratory of Groundwater Survey
and Development Agency.

There are 1 Divisional, 4 District level and 18 Sub-Divisional water testing laboratories sanctioned in the
region of Konkan. Out of these, a total of 5 laboratories, (1 divisional and 4 district level), have received
NABL accreditation ISO/IEC 17025: 2017 and 18 Sub Divisional laboratories have received NABL
recognition as per ISO/IEC 17025:2017.

In the financial year 2024-25, the process of modernisation and digitalization of water testing
laboratory has been undertaken with funds under Jal Jeevan Mission. The expenditure for
modernisation and digitalization under Water Quality Monitoring and surveillance program has been
sanctioned by the Government as per letter dated 03/07/2024 in the financial year 2024-25.

## Objective of Assignment
To select the agency for supplying, installing and commissioning of 20 (Scanners) at 2 Regional
laboratory, 1 District Office, 4 District Laboratories and 13 sub-divisional laboratories in konkan region of
GSDA under Water Quality monitoring and Surveillance program in Jal Jeevan Mission.

Deputy Director, G.S.D.A, Konkan region invites bid in two envelope system from the Manufacturers,
Authorised distributer/Authorised dealer for the purchase of following items.

| Sr. No | Description | Quantity in Nos |
|---|---|---|
| 1 | SCANNERS  *(As per the technical specifications mentioned in Annexure A: Technical Specifications)* | 20 |

Interested eligible bidders may obtain further information of technical specifications, required quantities
and other terms and conditions applicable for procurement of above items from the GeM portal.


---

# Page 6

# 1.1. Key Events and Dates

All bid related activities (Process) like Bid Document Download, Bid Preparation, bid submission and submission of EMD and other documents will be governed by the time schedule given under Key Dates below:

| Sr. No. | Information | Details |
|---|---|---|
| 1 | Date & Time for Commencement of Downloading Bid Document | Date: **24/12/2024**<br>Time: 11.00 Hrs |
| 2 | Last date & Time for sending requests for clarifications | Date: **27/12/2024**<br>Time: 11.30 Hrs |
| 3 | Pre-bid meeting date and Place | Date: **27/12/2024**<br>Time: 11.30 Hrs<br>O/o Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA), Konkan region, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614 Maharashtra |
| 4 | Last date & time for downloading the Bid document | Date: **03/01/2025**<br>Time: 15.30 Hrs |
| 5 | Proposal Due Date (PDD) & Time for submission of bids | Date: **03/01/2025**<br>Time: 16.00 Hrs |
| 6 | Date and Time for Opening of Technical Bids | Date: **03/01/2025**<br>Time: 15.00 Hrs |
| 7 | Date and Time for Opening of Financial Bids | To be notified |

Note: Bidders are requested to frequently visit https://gem.gov.in/ to see any change in scheduled dates and for any other changes made in the bidding document through corrigendum, Minutes of Meeting (MoM) of pre-bid meeting, etc. If there is any difference between date mentioned in tender document and date mentioned on https://gem.gov.in/, in such case date mentioned on https://gem.gov.in/ must be considered as final.


---

# Page 7

# 1.2. Other Important Information related to Bid

| 2       | Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) EMD Exemption shall be permitted to the Bidder(s) registered under MSME/NSIC and having valid registration certificate | INR 18,000/- (Rupees Eighteen Thousand only) Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) shall be payable in form of Demand draft in favour of Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys and Development Agency, Konkan Region, Payable at CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai)                    |

The bid shall be rejected summarily upon failure to follow procedure prescribed in the bid document.
The conditional bid is liable to be rejected. Deputy Director, G.S.D.A, Konkan Region reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be purchased and also reserves the right to cancel or revise or any of the all the tenders or part of tenders without giving any reasons thereto.

[SIGNATURE]

(Nitin P. Dahikar)
Deputy Director
Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD),
Konkan Region, Maharashtra, 400614


---

# Page 8

## II. Instructions to Bidders
This section includes all the important information required to bid for this project.
### 2.1. General Information and Guidelines
1. The TIA invites bids from eligible bidders as per the Scope and Technical Criteria mentioned
in this bid document.
2. Any contract that may result from this bidding process will be effective from the date of
Signing of Contract.
3. The TIA reserves the right to extend the term on mutually agreed terms at the sole
discretion of the TIA, subject to any obligations under applicable law.
4. All information supplied by the bidders may be treated as contractually binding on the
bidders, on the successful award of the assignment by the TIA on the basis of this tender
document.
5. No commitment of any kind, contractual or otherwise shall exist unless and until a formal
written contract has been executed by or on behalf of the TIA. Any notification of preferred
bidder status by the TIA shall not give rise to any enforceable rights by the bidder. The TIA
may cancel this public procurement at any time prior to a formal written contract being
executed by or on its behalf.
6. This bid document supersedes and replaces any previous public documentation &
communications, and the bidders should place no reliance on such communications.
7. All figures of costs, project values and others should be mentioned in Indian Rupees only.
8. No bidder shall submit more than one Bid for this tender.
### 2.2. Consortium Conditions: Not Applicable.
### 2.3. Tender Fees
The bidders are requested to pay Tender fees as mentioned in the Clause 1.2, The Tender fee is non-
refundable.
### 2.4. Earnest Money Deposit (EMD)
The bidders are requested to deposit the EMD as mentioned in the Clause 1.2, Exemption is
available for the MSEs registered under MSME/NSIC and having valid registration certificate.
1. No interest will be payable to the bidder on the amount of the EMD.
2. The EMD should be valid for 120 days from the date of technical bid opening.
3. The bids submitted by bidders without the prescribed EMD, will be rejected.
4. The Unsuccessful bidder's EMD will be returned within 90 days from the date of opening of
the financial bid.
5. The EMD of successful bidder will be returned after the award of contract and submission of
the Performance Security in the form of Bank Guarantee within specified time and in
accordance with the format given in the tender document.
6. The EMD shall be forfeited:
1. If a bidder withdraws his bid or increases his quoted prices during the period of bid validity
or its extended period, if any.
2. If successful bidder fails to sign the Contract or to furnish Performance Security in the form
of Bank Guarantee within specified time in accordance with the format given in the tender
document.


---

# Page 9

3.  If during the bid process, a bidder indulges in any such deliberate act as would jeopardize or
    unnecessarily delay the process of bid evaluation and finalization. The decision of the TIA
    regarding forfeiture of the EMD shall be final and binding upon bidders.
4.  If during the bid process, any information is found false/fraudulent/mala fide, then the TIA
    shall reject the bid and, if necessary, initiate action.
If any Tenderer wishes to lodge any complaint against the other Tenderer regarding submission
of false documents, information etc, the tenderer has to deposit Rs.50,000/- (Rs. Fifty Thousand
Only) in the form of Demand draft drawn in favour of "Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys
and Development Agency, konkan region" payable at CBD Belapur, Konkan Region. The amount
so deposited shall be refunded, if after scrutiny, the complaint is found to be true. If the
complaint is found to be false and malicious, the deposit will be forfeited. No interest shall be
paid against this deposit.

The EMD will be to be forfeited and further action as per GR of Industry, Energy and Labour
Department, dated 01/12/2016 will be taken, in case the rates quoted by the bidder are
approved but the bidder fails to enter into the agreement for supply.

## 2.5. Contact Details
For any clarifications & communication with regards to the tender document, the bidders are
expected to communicate at the contact information provided below:

| Sl. No | Particulars | Details |
|---|---|---|
| 1 | Bid queries | Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys and Development Agency, Konkan Region CBD Belapur Navi Mumbai-400614  Email – ackonkan23@gmail.com |

## 2.6. Pre-Bid Meeting
The TIA will hold a pre-bid meeting with the prospective bidders to provide a forum to the bidders to
clarify their doubts/ seek clarifications or additional information, necessary for them to submit their
bid. The date, time and place of the meeting are specified in Clause 1.1. The representatives of the
bidders may attend pre-bid meeting at their own cost. Bidders shall send their pre-bid queries in the
format attached with this bid document within the stipulated time to ackonkan23@gmail.com. The
response to the queries will be published on https://gem.gov.in/. No telephonic queries will be
entertained. This response of the TIA against the Pre-Bid queries shall become integral part of tender
document. Please note that only queries from bidders received on or before the date and time of
the pre-bid meeting will be considered.

Format for sending Pre-bid Queries through email:

| Sr. No. | Tender Page No. | Tender Clause No. | Clause Title | Clause | Queries/ Clarification Requested | Justification by Bidder if any, along with supporting documents. |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 2 |  |  |  |  |  |  |

(Refer Form 6: Queries of Bidder)

## 2.7. Corrigendum / Amendment to the Tender
At any time prior to the deadline (or as extended by the TIA) for submission of bids, the TIA for any
reason, whether at its own initiative or in response to clarifications requested by the bidder, may
modify the bid document by issuing amendment(s) or issue additional data to clarify an
interpretation of the provisions of this tender. Such supplements, amendments / corrigendum to the


---

# Page 10

tender document, issued by the TIA would be displayed on https://gem.gov.in/ and shall be deemed
to be incorporated by this reference into this tender document.
## 2.8. Bid Preparation Cost
The bidder shall be responsible for all costs incurred in connection with participation in the tender
process, including, but not limited to, costs incurred in conduct of informative and other diligence
activities, participation in meetings/discussions/presentations, arranging demonstration of product,
preparation of bid, in providing any additional information required by the TIA to facilitate the
evaluation process, and in negotiating a definitive Contract Agreement and all such activities related
to the bid process.


---

# Page 11

# III. Bid Submission Instructions

3.1. Online Bid Submission

1. The bidder shall submit the bid online through e-tendering Portal https://gem.gov.in/
2. The bids submitted, shall comprise of the following 2 envelopes:
    *   Envelope A: Technical Bid
    *   Envelope B: Financial Bid in the form of BOQ
3. Modification and Withdrawal of Bids - Resubmission of bid by the bidders for any number of times before the final date and time of submission is allowed.

3.2. Eligibility Criteria
The Bidder shall fulfil all of the following eligibility criteria independently, as on the date of submission of bid.

| Sl. No | Eligibility Criteria | Documents to be submitted to prove Eligibility |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | II. Bidder should have an operational branch office / Service Centre anywhere in Maharashtra. | Any Government approved address proof OR Registered rent or leave and license agreement to prove established office/ service centre in the state of Maharashtra on the last date of bid submission. |
| 2 | Bidder should have a minimum Average Annual Turnover of INR 6,24,000/- (Rupees Six Lakhs twenty four thousands) for the last three (3) financial years FY2021-22, FY2022- 23 & FY2023-24 | Certified Chartered Accountant (CA) for average annual turnover for during the last three (3) financial years FY2021-22, FY2022- 23 & FY2023-24 (audited balance sheet and profit & loss account) in accordance with Form 4 - Turnover Certificate. 'Form 4 must be signed, sealed, and must have a valid UDIN. |
| 3 | The bidder must be the Original Manufacturer/ authorised dealer/ authorized distributor | Original Equipment Manufacturer Certificate / Authorisation Certificate from Original Equipment Manufacturer. (Form 13: OEM Certificate and Form 14: Manufacturer's Authorization Certificate) |


---

# Page 12



---

# Page 13

| Sl. No | Eligibility Criteria | Documents to be submitted to prove Eligibility |
|---|---|---|
|  | Central Government Department/By any court order/ Union Territory/ Local Authority/ Central and State Government Undertaking or Government Organizations as on the date of submission of bid | stamp paper (Notarised) |
| 11 | OEM should submit Conformity to European Standard Certificate (C.E) | C.E. Certificate issued by competent authority. |
| 13 | The bidder must give an undertaking of authenticity along with the technical bid on the letterhead of firm as per the format mentioned in Form 12. | Undertaking of authenticity as per Form 12 |

## 3.3. Technical Bid (Envelop - A): Documents to be uploaded

The Technical bid must be submitted online as per the instructions on the portal and in this tender document. Following documents, including documents in annexures, are mandatory and should be submitted online.
I. Tender Acceptance Letter (Form 1)
II. Bidder information (Form 2)
III. Details of Experience/Performance Statement (Form 3)
IV. Turnover certificate issued by chartered accountant firm with ITR Return for FY2021-22, FY2022-23 & FY2023-24 (Form 4)
V. Declaration (Form 5) (To furnished on Non-judicial Stamp Paper of appropriate value)
VI. List of documents submitted (Form 8)
VII. Bidder's registration certificate
VIII. GST registration certificate
IX. Valid ISO certificate ISO 9001:2015
Χ. Valid ISO certificate ISO 20000
ΧΙ. Authorization Certificate for the bidder issued
XII. C.E. Certificate issued by competent authority.


---

# Page 14

XIII. Test Reports from Government Engineering College, Maharashtra (as mentioned in 3.2
Eligibility criteria S,No 12) to prove conformity to the specification of quoted model.

XIV. Undertaking of setting up Branch office/Service Centre (Form 10)

XV. Compliance to technical specifications (Form 11)

XVI. Undertaking of authenticity (Form 12)

XVII. OEM Certificate (Form 13)

XVIII. Manufacturer's Authorization Certificate (Form 14)

XIX. Any other relevant documents

Failure to submit the documents listed above in the specified/ appropriate formats may lead to
the rejection of the bid submitted by the bidder.
All documents pertaining to the eligibility criteria must be submitted in the name of the bidder
exclusively. Documents submitted in the name of the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or
any other individual or entity will not be accepted and will result in the disqualification of the bid.

## 3.4. Financial Bid (Envelop - B)

1. Financial/price offer must be submitted online at https://gem.gov.in/ as per the
instructions on the portal.

Quoted price shall be inclusive of all charges (raw material, labour, delivery, loading, unloading of
material, Testing and training, etc.) but excluding GST on final product.

## 3.5. Validity of Bid

The bid shall be valid for a period mentioned in clause 1.2 from the date of opening of the technical
bid. A bid valid for a shorter period may be rejected as non-responsive. In exceptional circumstances,
at its discretion, the TIA may solicit the bidder's consent for an extension of the validity period. The
request and the responses thereto shall be made in writing or by email.

## 3.6. Corrections/ errors in Financial Bid

The bidders are advised to exercise adequate care in quoting the prices. No excuse for corrections in
the quoted figures will be entertained after the last date for submission of bids.

## 3.7. Language

The bid should be submitted by the bidder in English language only. If any supporting documents
submitted are in any other language, translation of the same in English/Marathi/Hindi language is to
be duly attested by the bidders. For purposes of interpretation of the bid, the English translation
shall govern. If any documentary evidence for 'Experience' / 'certificate' is in other languages, a true
translation of the copy, attested by Notary shall be enclosed.

## 3.8. Conditions under which Tender is issued

1. This bid document is not an offer and is issued with no commitment. The TIA reserves the
right to withdraw the bid document and change or vary any part thereof, at any stage. The
TIA reserves the right to disqualify any bidder, should it be so necessary at any stage.

2. The timing and sequence of events resulting from this bid document shall ultimately be
determined by the TIA.

3. No verbal conversations or agreements with any official, agent, or employee of the TIA shall
affect or modify any terms of this bid document and any alleged verbal agreement or
arrangement made by a bidder with any agency, official or employee of the TIA shall be
superseded by the definitive agreement that results from this tender process. Verbal


---

# Page 15

4.  Neither the bidder nor any of the bidder's representatives shall have any claims whatsoever
against the TIA or any of their respective officials, agents, or employees arising out of or
relating to this bid document or these procedures (other than those arising under a
definitive service agreement with the bidder in accordance with the terms thereof).
5.  Until the Contract is awarded and during the validity of the Contract, bidders shall not,
directly or indirectly, solicit any employee of the TIA to leave the office or any other officials
involved in this tender process in order to accept employment with the bidder, or any
person acting in collusion with the bidder, without prior written approval of the TIA.

## 3.9. Right to the content of Bids
All bids and accompanying documentation of the Technical bids will become the property of the TIA
and will not be returned after opening of the Technical bids. The TIA is not restricted in its rights, to
use or disclose any or all of the information contained in the bid and can do so without
compensation to the bidders. The TIA shall also not be bound by any language in the bid indicating
the confidentiality of the bid, or any other restriction on its use or disclosure.

## 3.10. Non-Conforming Bid
A bid may be construed as a non-conforming bid and ineligible for consideration if:
1.  It does not comply with the requirements of this tender document.
2.  It does not appear to address the requirements as specified by the TIA.

## 3.11. Disqualification
The bid is liable to be disqualified in the following cases or in case the bidder fails to meet the
requirements as indicated in this tender document:
1.  The bid is not submitted in accordance with the procedure prescribed in this document or
treated as non-conforming bid.
2.  During the validity of the bid, or its extended period, if any, the bidder increases the quoted
prices.
3.  The bidder qualifies the bid with own conditions.
4.  The bid is submitted in an incomplete form.
5.  Failure to submit the documents listed in 3.3 above in the specified/ appropriate formats.
6.  Brief compliance on item by item parameter using words like: ".... Will be provided /As per
BIS/Complied/As per specifications/Available /As per Literature / As per tender / As per
requirements & copy typing the tender specifications as compliance or similar" are not
acceptable and that bid shall be categorize as incomplete and rejected.
7.  The information submitted in the Technical bid is found to be misrepresented, incorrect or
false, accidentally, unwittingly or otherwise, at any time during the processing of the
Contract (no matter at what stage) or during the tenure of the Contract including the
extension period, if any.
8.  The bidder tries to influence the bid evaluation process by unlawful/corrupt/fraudulent
means at any point of time during the tender process.
9.  In case anyone bidder submits multiple bids or if common interests are found in two or
more bidders, the bidders are likely to be disqualified.
10. The bidder fails to deposit the Performance Security to enter into a Contract within specified
period mentioned in the notification of award of contract or within such extended period, as
may be specified by the TIA.


---

# Page 16

11. Any form of canvassing / lobbying / influence / query regarding short listing etc. will be
treated as disqualification. While evaluating the bids, if it comes to the TIA's knowledge
expressly or implied, that some bidders may have colluded in any manner whatsoever or
otherwise joined to form an alliance resulting in delaying the processing of bid, then the
bidders so involved are liable to be disqualified for this Contract as well as for a further
period of four years from participation in any of the tenders floated by the TIA.
12. If the Technical bids contains any information on price, pricing policy, pricing mechanism or
any information indicative of the financial aspects of the bid.
## 3.12. Acknowledgement of Understanding
By submitting the bid, each bidder shall be deemed to acknowledge that bidder has carefully read all
sections of this tender document, including all forms, schedules, annexure, corrigendum and
addendums (if any) hereto, and has fully informed itself as to all existing conditions and limitations.
## 3.13. Mode of Selection
Selection of bidder will be based on the Least Cost Selection (LCS) Method.


---

# Page 17

IV. Bid opening and Evaluation process
4.1. Bid Opening
On the date and time specified in the tender notice following procedure will be adopted for opening
of tender for which bidders is free to attend him or depute an authorized officer as his
representative.
4.2. Opening of Envelop - A (Technical Bid)
Envelope No. A (Technical bid) of the bidders will be opened online as per GeM bidding procedure.
4.3. Evaluation of Technical Bid
1. The evaluation of the technical bids will be carried out in the following manner:
 Bidders technical bid will be scrutinized based on eligibility criteria mentioned in clause
 3.2. Bidders not fulfilling any of the eligibility criteria shall be rejected.
II. The bidders are required to submit all required documentation in support of the criteria
 specified as per the formats specified in this tender document.
III. In any case, in the event of any deviation from the factual information provided by the
 bidder in technical bid, the deviation can reject the bid and also ban the bidder from
 participation in any future tenders in the State of Maharashtra.
IV. At any time during the bid evaluation process, the GSDA committee may seek verbal /
 written clarifications from the bidders. The committee may seek inputs from their
 professional experts in the evaluation process.
V. The committee reserves the right to do a reference check of the past experience stated
 by the bidder. Any feedback received during the reference check shall be taken into
 account during the technical evaluation process.
4.4. Opening of Envelop - B (Financial Bid)
This envelope of technically qualified bidders as per clause 4.3 shall be opened as per e-tendering
procedure. The date and time of opening of financial bids will be published on https://gem.gov.in/
4.5. Award Criteria
The bidder who quoted lowest financial quote (L1) shall be invited for negotiation and signing of
contract.
In the event that two or more Bidders quote the same amount as per the financial quote, as the case
may be (the "Tie Bidders"), the TIA shall identify the Selected Bidder by draw of lots, which shall be
conducted, with prior notice, in the presence of the Tie Bidders who choose to attend.
4.6. Right to accept any Bid and to reject any or all Bids
The TIA reserves the right to accept or reject any bid, and to annual the tendering process and reject
all bids at any time prior to award of Contract, without thereby incurring any liability to the affected
bidder(s) or any obligation to inform the affected bidder(s) of the grounds for the TIA's action.
4.7. Notification of Award
1. Before expiry of the bid validity period, the TIA will notify the successful bidder in writing, by
 registered / speed post or by fax or by email that its bid has been accepted by the Tender
 Inviting Authority.
2. The successful bidder, upon receipt of the acceptance letter, shall furnish the required
 performance security in the form of Bank Guarantee and submit an agreement in the
 prescribed format within ten days, failing which the EMD will be forfeited, and the award
 will be cancelled


---

# Page 18

3. The Notification of Award shall constitute the formation of the Contract.

4.8. Signing of Contract
The Contract will be signed as per tender document, after selection of the bidder. The Performance
Security must be deposited with the TIA before receiving work order from TIA. In lieu of the same,
the successful bidder will have to execute an agreement in a non-judicial stamp paper (As per
Maharashtra Stamp Act) in favour of Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency
(GSDA), Konkan Region, Maharashtra. If the successful bidder fails to execute the agreement and
payment of Performance Security within the time specified or withdraws the tender, the successful
bidder is unable to undertake the contract; the Earnest Money Deposit of the successful bidder shall
stand forfeited. Such bidder(s) will also be liable for all damages sustained by the TIA by reasons of
breach of tender conditions. Such damages shall be assessed by the TIA whose decision shall be
final.

Supply/ Work Order will be issued within twelve (12) months from the date of execution of the
agreement.

4.9. Failure to agree with Terms and Conditions of this Tender
Failure of the successful bidder to agree with the terms & conditions of the bid document shall
constitute sufficient grounds for the annulment of the award, resulting which the TIA may call for
new bids and at the same time, invoke the performance Security of the successful bidder.

4.10. Performance Security
The selected bidder shall deposit the Performance Security as follows:

1. The successful bidder shall at his own expense, deposit with the TIA, a Performance Security
in the form of Bank Guarantee valid for 60 (Sixty) days after expiry of contract, including
warranty obligations as mentioned in clause 1.2

2. The Performance Security must be deposited with the TIA before receiving work order from
ΤΙΑ.

3. The Performance Security may be discharged/returned by the TIA upon being satisfied that
there has been due performance of the obligations of the successful bidder under the
contract in all respects but not later than 60 (sixty) days of complications of all such
obligations including the warranty under the contract. However, no interest shall be payable
on the Performance Security.

4. The TIA shall also be entitled to make recoveries from the Performance Security on the
following grounds:

I. Any amount imposed as a fine for irregularities Committed by the bidder.

II. Any amount which the TIA becomes liable to the Government /Third party on behalf of
any default of the bidder or any of his/her/their agent/employees or staff.

III. Any payment/fine made under the order/judgment of any court/consumer forum or law
enforcing agency or any person working on his behalf.

IV. Any other outstanding amount.

4.11. Details of Technical Specification
Please see Annexure A


---

# Page 19

# 4.12. Schedule of Requirement, Delivery and Installation


Example for understanding purpose: If the Supply order issued on 1st December 2024, then the goods
must be delivered no later than 31st December 2024. Delivery of goods from 01st January 2025 shall
be considered as delay and shall be liable to be charged liquidated damages as per clause 4.15 of this
RFP.

## 4.13. Insurance

The Goods supplied under the Contract shall be fully insured—against loss or damage incidental to
manufacture or acquisition, transportation, storage and delivery, responsibility of insurance will
belong to successful bidder.

## 4.14. Inspection

Pre dispatched third party evaluation will be carried out as per Government guidelines. The 100%
material being supplied will be inspected and tested by Government Engineering College,
Maharashtra (as mentioned in 3.2 Eligibility criteria S,No 12), and cost of this inspection will be
borne by bidder. Before delivery, the necessary Certificate in support of this should be produced at
the time of delivery. Delivery of only inspected model will be accepted. The certificate should clearly
mention the Serial No. of the instrument by the Inspection Authority.

## 4.15. Liquidity Damages

Liquidity Damages accrue only in case of delayed supplies. In the event of delay in the supply of
Scanners by the Supplier, the supplier shall be liable to be charged liquidated damages @ the rate of
0.5% (half percent) of the total value of any portion of Scanners delivered late, for each week or part
thereof of delay. Such liquidated damages shall be calculated from the agreed date of delivery as per
tender conditions until the actual date of delivery. The liquidated damages will be deducted from
the payment due. The total liquidated damages shall not exceed 10% (ten percent) of the value of
delayed Scanners. If the value of the liquidated damages exceeds 10%, in such case TIA may
terminate the contract without any liability on TIA.

Example for understanding purpose: If the Supply order issued on 1st December 2024, then the
goods must be delivered no later than 31st December 2024.

Case 1: If the supplier supplies the goods on 01st January 2025, then he shall be liable to be
charged liquidated damages @ 0.50% of the total value of Scanners delivered late.

Case 2: If the supplier supplies the goods on 08th January 2025, then he shall be liable to be
charged liquidated damages @ 1.00% of the total value of Scanners delivered late.

Case 3: If the supplier supplies the goods on 15th January 2025, then he shall be liable to be
charged liquidated damages @ 1.50% of the total value of Scanners delivered late.

## 4.16. Warranty/ Guarantee

1. The Bidder shall assure that the materials supplied under this contract are new, unused and
they incorporate recent improvements in design. The bidders further assure that the
material supplied will have no defect of workmanship.


---

# Page 20

2. Warranty shall remain valid for 3 (Three) years after the materials have been delivered,
Installed and accepted at the final destination indicated in the contract. The warranty period
will commence from the date of installation.
3. The bidder shall at all reasonable speed repair/ replace defective material within 3 days from
the date of information received from the indenter.
4. The bidder shall take over the replaced material at the time of replacement and no claim
shall lie on the Purchaser for the purchased material. For the replaced material, the
warranty will be 3 years from the date of replacement.
5. If the bidder fails to repair/replace the defective material within stipulated period, GSDA
may proceed to take such remedial action as may be necessary at the Supplier's risk and
expense.

## 4.17. Payment Terms

Payment will be made on actual material supplied on the finalized rates. The payment will
be made as per the following table along with the submission of following documents.

| Sr No. | Payment Schedule | Payment % |
|---|---|---|
| 01 | On receipt and acceptance of goods (All-in-one Desktop Computers) by GSDA (various Senior Geologist offices, GSDA of konkan region as per Appendix D) and on submission of all required documents by the supplier to GSDA. | 60 (Sixty) percent of Total Cost |
| 02 | After successful installation and commissioning and acceptance by the consignee (various Senior Geologist offices, GSDA of konkan region as per Appendix D) | 40 (forty) percent of Total Cost |
| 03 | Performance Security in the form of bank guarantee | 5 (Five) Percent of Total Cost |

1. Original tax invoice in duplicate (Supplier's Invoice indicating, inter alia description and
specification of the goods, quantity, unit price, total value, Date of Invoice, GST Registration
Number, Detail Amount of GST)
2. All acknowledgment Certificate of Receipt of Goods duly signed, stamped with date by
consignee, in the given format Appendix C: Certificate of Receipt of Goods;
3. Packing list;
4. Insurance certificate;
5. Railway receipt/consignment note;
6. Manufacturer's guarantee certificate and in-house inspection certificate;
7. Third Party Inspection Report from the Government Engineering College, Maharashtra.
8. Any other document(s) as and if required in terms of the contract.

Applicable GST will be paid separately on submission of original invoice. Deduction towards
Income Tax as applicable under the Income Tax Act, shall be made from due payment and
in respect of such deductions necessary certificates of Tax Deduction shall be given.

## 4.18. Escalation Matrix for Service Support

Bidder must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for Service Support.


---

# Page 21

4.19. Subletting
Subletting of the contract is not permitted.
4.20. Governing Law
The Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Union
of India. Any legal issues arising out of this contract will be dealt by the Court in the Thane,
Maharashtra Jurisdiction ONLY.


---

# Page 22

# Annexure A: Technical Specifications
A. Technical Specifications:

The following are the minimum requirements. The products offered must meet these specified
parameters.

| scanners | Quantity: 20 |
| --- | --- |
| Sr. No | Features | Requirements |
| A | Processor |  |
| 1 | Scanning Technology | CIS |
| 2 | Scanner Type | Sheet Fed |
| 3 | Document Size | A4 |
| 4 | Optical Resolution (Dpi) | 600 |
| 5 | Maximum Resolution (Dpi) | 600 |
| 6 | Simplex Monochrome Scan Speed for Document @ 200 dpi @ 300 dpi @ 400 dpi @ 600 dpi @ 1200 dpi as applicable (ppm) | 30 |
| 7 | Simplex Colour Scan Speed for Document @ 200 dpi @ 300 dpi @ 400 dpi @ 600 dpi @ 1200 dpi as applicable (ppm) | 30 |
| 8 | Duplex Monochrome Scan Speed for Document @200 dpi @ 300 dpi @ 400 dpi @ 600 dpi @ 1200 dpi as applicable (ppm) | 60 |
| 9 | Duplex Colour Scan Speed for Document @200 dpi @ 300 dpi @ 400 dpi @ 600 dpi @ 1200 dpi as applicable (ppm) | 60 |
| 10 | Colour Depth (Bits) | 24 |
| 11 | Paper Weight Handling Capacity (GSM) | 209 |
| 12 | Scanning Feature | Duplex |
| 13 | Paper Path | Straight |
| 14 | Multi Fed Detection Feature | Yes |
| 15 | Automatic Document Feeder (ADF) | Available |
| 16 | ADF Tray Capacity (Number of Sheet) | 60 |
| 17 | USB Interface | Available |
| 18 | Network Interface | NA |
| 19 | Wi-Fi Interface | NA |
| 20 | If Wi-Fi Interface available | Not Applicable |
| 21 | OS Compatibility (Latest Version) | Windows |
| 22 | Daily Duty Cycle (Number of Pages) | 3500 |
| 23 | Scan File Format | PDF, TIFF, JPEG |
| 24 | Bundled Softwares | ISIS/TWAIN Driver |
| 25 | Power Consumption in Standyby mode (Watt) | 1.4 |
| 26 | Power Consumption in Operating mode (Watt) | 19 |
| 27 | BIS Registration as per Compulsory Registration Scheme under Gazette of India Notification number SO 2357(E) dated 07/09/2012 issued by Department of Electronics and IT | Yes |
| 28 | BIS Registration Number and Its validity | R-41001279 |
| 29 | Minimum Operating Temperature (Degree C) | 10 |


---

# Page 23

| 30 | Maximum Operating Temperature (Degree C) | 32.5 |
|---|---|---|
| 31 | Minimum Operating Humidity (% RH) | 20 |
| 32 | Maximum Operating Humidity(% RH) | 80 |
| 33 | Dimensions (W x D x H) (mm x mm x mm) | 291 X 253 X 231 |
| 34 | Weight (Kg) | 2.8 (Approx.) |
| 35 | On Site OEM Warranty (Year) | 3 |
Note: 1. Technical Specifications mentioned above are of minimum parameter, Products offered
must meet these or exceed all requirements herein.

## B. Technical requirements:

1. OEM logo/trademark embossed (No sticker) on Scanners and must be clearly visible.
2. Built-in Pre-boot system hardware diagnostics utility must be available from OEM.
3. OEM must have online system hardware diagnostics facility.
4. OEM must have facility to download updates of pre- installed software, device drivers and
firmware on its websites.
5. OEM must support recovery media creation through its website to reinstall the operating
system when required to its original factory condition as configured by the OEM.
6. The date of manufacturing of Scanners should not be more than 1 year from the date of
delivery.


---

# Page 24

# Annexure B: Terms of Reference (ToR)

## A. Terms and Conditions for Procurement of Scanners:

1. **Manufactures' Warranty:** Manufactures' Warranty for a period of minimum 3 years onsite warranty from the date of commissioning must be provided by the Equipment Manufacture/ Bidder. OEM should have own repair Centre.
2. The Bidder has to ensure that the proposed hardware equipment/components must not be declared "End of Life" or "End of Support" in the next 3 years from the date of purchase. If the supplied equipment is declared End of Support/End of Life during the warranty period of 3 years, the bidder/OEM has to replace the equipment having equivalent or higher configurations without any additional cost to the purchaser.
3. **Single Point of Contact:** The selected Bidder shall appoint a single point of contact, with whom Officer in charge of GSDA will deal, for any activity pertaining to the requirements of this Tender. The Bidder has to award all the necessary authority to this person at its own expenses.
4. OEM must provide a Non-Malicious Code undertaking by agreeing in writing – All proposed Scanners applications shall not contain any embedded malicious code.
5. The products which are made in banned countries will not be accepted.
6. Bidder has to Install and Commission the Scanners at the locations mentioned in this tender document. Requests for remote access for installation/fine tuning will not be entertained during the installation period.
7. Bidder has to supply all necessary items before starting installation. Installation should not be deferred for unavailability of any part or parts.


---

# Page 25

# Form 1: Tender Acceptance Letter
(To be given on Letter Head)

Date: / /2024

To,
Deputy Director,
Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD),
Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan
CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614
Maharashtra,

Sub: Acceptance of Terms & Conditions of Tender.

Bid Reference No: ___________________________________ Dated ________________________ .
Bid Name: __________________________________________________________________
Dear Sir,
1 I/ We have downloaded/ obtained the bid document(s) for the above mentioned
'Tender/Work' from the web site(s) namely: https://gem.gov.in/ as per advertisement, given
in the above-mentioned website(s).
2 1/ We hereby certify that I/ we have read the entire terms and conditions of the bid
documents of all pages (including all documents like annexure(s), schedule(s), etc.,), which
form part of the contract agreement and I / we shall abide hereby by the terms / conditions
/ clauses contained therein.
3 The corrigendum(s) issued from time to time by department/ organization too has also been
taken into consideration, while submitting this acceptance letter.
4 1/ We hereby unconditionally accept the bid conditions of above-mentioned bid document(s)
/ corrigendum(s) in its totality / entirety.
5 I/We do hereby declare that our Firm has not been blacklisted/ debarred by any Govt.
Department/Public sector undertaking/Private organization.
6 1/ We certify that all information furnished by the our Firm is true & correct and in the event
that the information is found to be incorrect/untrue or found violated, then department/
organization shall without giving any notice or reason therefore or summarily reject the bid
or terminate the contract, without prejudice to any other rights or remedy including the
forfeiture of the full said earnest money deposit /Security deposit or both absolutely and
may black list our firm for the period of next 3 years to participate in any tender issued by
Government of Maharashtra.

Date: ___________________________________
Place: ___________________________________
Signature of authorized person ___________________________________
Full Name & Designation: ___________________________________
Firm/Company's Seal


---

# Page 26

# Form 2: Bidder Information
(To be given on Letter Head)

| Item | Particulars |
| --- | --- |
| Name of bidder |  |
| Full address of the Registered Office with Telephone and email id |  |
| Full address of Branch offices |  |
| Contact person details regarding tender name and contact details | Name: |
|  | Designation: |
|  | Contact No: |
|  | Email ID: |
| Date of Registration of the Firm/Agency and Registration No |  |
| Details of first contract /Supply of Scanners<br>1. Client Name:<br>2. Order No & Date<br>3. Period of Contract<br>4. Value of Contract<br>Please attach supporting document |  |
| Website details |  |
| Status of bidder (individual/proprietorship/ partnership/private limited /Limited company etc.) |  |
| Permanent account number (PAN) |  |
| GST registration number |  |
| Annual turnover of financial year i.e. FY2021-22, FY2022-23 & FY2023-24 | FY2021-22: ______ |
|  | FY2022-23: ______ |
|  | FY2023-24: ______ |
| Name of OEM |  |
| Registered Address of OEM |  |
| Date: |  |
| Place: |  |
| Signature of authorized person |  |
| Full Name & Designation: |  |
| Firm/Company's Seal |  |

---

# Page 27

# Form 3: Performance Statement
(To be given on Letter Head)
Give details of the contracts for Supply of Scanners by the bidder in the following format. Please
refer clause 3.2 (4), (5) & (6) to qualify.

| Sr. No. | Name, Address, Contact Number, and Email ID of Client | Type of client Government or Private | No of Scanners supplied & installed | Date of Supply order / work order / invoice) | Proof Document (Copy of supply order/ work order/ invoice) (Yes/ No) | Duration of contract date/ month/ year From | To | Date of (Installation report or Service Report or Work completion Certificate or Performance Certificate or Document of Client Acknowledgement on Delivery) | Value in lakhs | Supporting document Sr. No. |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |

Fill up complete information (all columns) in the above table & upload following supporting
documents. All documents should be numbered.

a) Installation reports/Work completion Certificates/Performance Certificates from Client (document
should contain qualification and number of Scanners supplied) AND

b) Invoice copy should be submitted.

Date:

Place:

Signature of authorized person

Full Name & Designation:

Firm/Company's Seal

Note: GSDA reserves the right to reject the tender if the information mentioned above is
incomplete.


---

# Page 28

# Form4: Turnover certificate
(On CA's letter head)

Date: / /2024

## TO WHOMSOEVER IT MAY CONCERN
This is to certify that M/s. (name of bidder) is having registered office at (detailed office address).
The turnover of the (name of bidder) for the three financial years based on the audited statement
for the FY2021-22, FY2022-23 & FY2023-24 is as under.

| Sr. No. | Financial Year | Turnover (in lakhs) as per audited balance sheet |
|---|---|---|
| 1 |  |  |
| 2 |  |  |
| 3 |  |  |
|  | Average Turnover |  |

The above information/figures are true and authentic to the best of my knowledge and belief. I / we,
am/are well aware of the fact that furnishing of any false information/fabricated document would
lead to rejection of tender at any stage, besides liabilities towards prosecution under appropriate
law.

Signature of the Chartered Accountant

Name of the Firm

Registration No.

UDIN--

Date:

Place:
(Seal of the Chartered Accountant)

Email id:
Note: The above data is to be supported by copies of the audited balance sheet and profit & loss
statement of last three financial years which must be enclosed.


---

# Page 29

# Form5: Declaration
(To be given on Non-judicial Stamp Paper of appropriate value)

Date: / /2024

To,
Deputy Director,
Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD),
Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan
CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614
Maharashtra,

Bid Reference No: Dated
Bid Name:

Dear Sir,
1 We have carefully read and understood all the terms and conditions of the bid and hereby
convey our acceptance to the same.
2 The information / documents furnished along with the above offer are true and authentic to
the best of my knowledge and belief. We are well aware of the fact that furnishing of any
false information / fabricated document would lead to rejection of our tender at any stage
besides liabilities towards prosecution under appropriate law.
3 We have apprised our self fully about the job to be done during the currency of the period of
agreement and also acknowledge bearing consequences to of non-performance or
deficiencies in the services on our part.
4 We have no objection, if enquiries are made about the work listed by us.
5 We have not been under suspension/ termination/ banned/ blacklisted till the last date of
submission of bid, by any PSU/ Govt. Departments/ PSU Banks/ or any other organization
where we have worked. Further, if any of the partners/ directors of our organization/ firm is
blacklisted or having any criminal case against them, our bid/offer shall not be considered.
At any later point of time, if this information is found to be false, GSDA may terminate the
assigned contract immediately and may blacklist our firm for the period of next 3 years to
participate in any tender issued by Government of Maharashtra.
6 We have not been found guilty by a court of law in India for fraud, dishonesty or moral
turpitude.
7 We agree that the decision of GSDA in selection of Bidders will be final and binding to us.

Date:
Place:
Signature of authorized person
Full Name & Designation:
Company's Seal:


---

# Page 30

# Form 6 : Queries of Bidder for Pre-Bid Meeting
(on bidder's letter head)

Date: / /2024

| Name of Bidder |  |
| --- | --- |
| Address of Bidder |  |
| Tel: |  |
| Email |  |
| Bid Ref No. |  |
| Bid name |  |

| Sr. No. | Bid Page No. | Bid Clause No. | Clause Title | Queries/ Clarification requested. | Justification by Bidder if any along with supporting documents. |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 |  |  |  |  |  |
| 2 |  |  |  |  |  |
| 3 |  |  |  |  |  |
| 4 |  |  |  |  |  |

Date:

Place:

Signature of authorized person
Full Name & Designation:
Company's Seal:

Please note that only queries from bidders received on or before the date and time of the pre-bid meeting will be considered.


---

# Page 31

# Form 7: Bank Guarantee Format

Ref:
Date: //2024
BANK GUARANTEES NO:

To
Deputy Director,
Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD),
Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan
CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614
Maharashtra,

In accordance with your Bid ref No..... dated ............
M/s...................................... herein after called the bidder having its registered office / head office at
.............................................with the following Directors on their Board of Directors / partners of the firm.
1........................................ 2..............................
3........................................ 4...................................

5........................................ 6....................................

Wish to participate in the said Tender for Selection of Agency for Supply of Scanners at regional,
district and sub-divisional water testing laboratories; under Water Quality monitoring and
Surveillance program in Jal Jeevan Mission.

As an irrevocable Bank Guarantee against Bid Guarantee for a sum of Rs................................... (Rs.
---only) valid for 60 days (sixty) days from contract period from ...................... (the date of opening of the
proposal) is required to be submitted by the bidder as a condition precedent for participation in the
said bid, which amount is liable to be forfeited on the happening of any contingencies mentioned in
the tender documents, we, the ................................................................. Bank at .......................... (local
address) having our Head Office at ............................................... guarantee and undertake to pay
immediately on demand by Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Konkan Region stating that the bid is revoked during its validity period /the prices are increased
unilaterally after the proposal opening and during validity of the offer or the consulting firm have
failed or refused to sign the Contract in conformity with their final offer or have failed or refused to
furnish Contract Performance guarantee in the prescribed form or any other clause mentioned in
the bid document the amount of Rs. ---------------/-(Rs. ------------------------only) without any reservation,
protest, demur and recourse. Any such demand by the Director, Groundwater Surveys &
Development Agency (GSDA), Konkan Region shall be conclusive and binding on the bank
irrespective of any dispute or difference raised by the consulting firm.

This guarantee shall be irrevocable and shall remain valid up to........................................... If any further
extension of this guarantee is required, the same shall be extended to such required periods on
receiving instruction from M/s ........................................................... on whose behalf this guarantee is
issued.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein:


---

# Page 32

a. Our liability under this bank guarantee shall not exceed Rs. .........................................../-
b. This bank guarantee shall be valid up to .................................................. and
We are liable to pay the guaranteed amount only and only if you serve upon us a written claim or
demand on or before...................
In witness whereof the Bank, through its authorized officer has set its hand and stamp on this
................................ day of ................................. at .................................

(Signature)
Name in Block Letters
Designation:
Staff Code No:
(Banker's Seal)

(Bank details of)
1. Bank:
2. Branch:
3. Account Name:
4. Bank Account No:
5. IFS Code:


---

# Page 33

# Form8: Details of the document submitted

| Sl. No. | Documents                                                                                | Status |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------ |
| 1       | Tender Acceptance Letter: Form -1                                                       |        |
| 2       | Bidder information: Form -2                                                              |        |
| 3       | Details of Experience/Performance Statement along with all relevant documents Form-3       |        |
| 4       | Turnover certificate issued by chartered accountant firm -Form -4                       |        |
| 5       | Declaration: form -5 (To be given on Rs. 100 Non judicial Stamp Paper)                  |        |
| 6       | Pre-bid queries format-Form -6                                                          |        |
| 7       | Bank Guarantee -Form -7                                                                 |        |
| 8       | Detail of Document Submitted -Form -8                                                   |        |
| 9       | Undertaking of setting up of branch office/ service centre Form - 10                      |        |
| 10      | Undertaking of authenticity Form-12                                                      |        |
| 11      | OEM Certificate Form -13                                                                |        |
| 12      | Manufacturer's Authorization Certificate Form-14                                       |        |
| 13      | Firms' registration certificate                                                          |        |
| 14      | GST registration certificate                                                             |        |
| 15      | Valid ISO certificates                                                                    |        |
| 16      | Manufacturer's / Dealers authorization Certificate                                      |        |
| 17      | Test Reports from Government Engineering College, Maharashtra to prove conformity to the specification of quoted model. |        |
| 18      | CE Certificate                                                                           |        |
| 19      | Any other documents                                                                        |        |

Failure to submit the documents requested in any clauses in bid document in the specified/
appropriate formats may lead to the rejection of the bid submitted by the bidder.


---

# Page 34

# Form 9: Self-declaration format for Instrument Calibration

Not Applicable

---

# Page 35

# Form 10: Undertaking of Branch office/Service Centre
Not Applicable


---

# Page 36

# Form 11: Compliance to technical specifications
RFP Specifications Vs Offered Specifications
Equipment: Scanners

| SI. No.* | Item* | Description* | Offered Specifications | Documentary evidence reference |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 |  |  |  |  |
| 2 |  |  |  |  |
| 3 |  |  |  |  |

*as per Annexure A: Technical Specifications
Note:
1) All specifications offered Needs to be supported with original literature as well as the same literature needs to be available on the website of the manufacturing company.
2) The offer to be made in detail with all technical specification, item details with part nos (Only line items will not be accepted)
3) All supporting technical literatures complying the technical specification need to be attached along with the order.

Signature of Supplier : -----------------------------
Name : -----------------------------
Business Address : -----------------------------

Place:------------------------------
Date:--------------------------------


---

# Page 37

# Form 12: Undertaking of authenticity.
(To be given on letterhead of firm)
Date:_________________________
To,
Deputy Director,
Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD),
Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan
CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614
Maharashtra,

Sub: Undertaking of Authenticity for Hardware and/or Software Supplies

Bid Reference No:_________________________ Dated _________________________.
Bid Name:_________________________

Dear Sir/Madam,
With reference to the equipment being quoted to you vide your tender reference no. _________________________ dated _________________________.

1. we hereby confirm that all the components, parts, assembly, software, etc. used in the equipment
to be supplied shall be original new components/parts/assembly/software and of the most recent or
current supported models, and that they incorporate all recent improvements in design and
materials, only from respective OEMs of the products and that no refurbished / duplicate / second-
hand components/parts/assembly/software shall be supplied or shall be used. We also undertake to
produce a certificate from the Original Equipment Manufacturers to support the above statement at
the time of delivery/installation.

2. We also confirm that in respect of licensed operating systems and other software utilities to be
supplied, the same will be procured from authorized sources and provided with an Authorized
License Certificate.

3. We also take full responsibility for both parts & Service SLA as per the content even if there is any
defect by our authorized Service Centre / Reseller.

Date:_________________________
Place:_________________________

Signature of authorized person
Full Name & Designation:
Firm/Company's Seal


---

# Page 38

# Form 13: OEM Certificate

(To be submitted by manufacturers / OEM)

No.........................
Date:.........................

To,
Deputy Director,
Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD),
Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan
CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614
Maharashtra,

Sub: OEM Certificate in compliance to tender for "Selection of Agency for Supply ..................................................".

Tender No.:.........................
Product Name:.........................

Dear Sir/Madam,
We ......................................... (name of the OEM) declare that we are the original
manufacturers of the above equipment having registered office at......................... (full address with
telephone number/fax number & email ID and website) and having factories at.........................

We hereby declare that we are willing to provide guarantee/warranty of **Three (3) Years** after
successful installation, testing, and commissioning of equipment.

We hereby declare that we are willing to provide after sales service during the period of
**warranty and AMC** as per the above tender.

We also hereby declare that we have the capacity to manufacture and supply, install, and
commission the quantity of the scanners tendered within the stipulated time.

(Name) for and on behalf of Authorized Signatory:
(Signature of the Bidder, with Official Seal):
Date:
Place:

*Note:* This letter of authority should be on the letterhead of the manufacturing concern and
should be signed by a person competent and having the power of attorney to bind the
manufacturer.


---

# Page 39

# Form 14: Manufacturer's Authorization Certificate
(To be submitted by authorized dealers/distributors)
No.....................
Date:........

To,
Deputy Director,
Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA),
Water Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD),
Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan
CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614
Maharashtra,

**Sub:** Manufacturer's Authorization in compliance to tender for "Selection of Agency for Supply ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................".

Tender No.:........
Equipment Name:.....

Dear Sir/Madam,

We............................................ (name of the OEM) are the original manufacturers of the above equipment having registered office at ......................................................................................................................................... (Full address with telephone number/fax number & email ID and website), having factories ...................................................... and............................., do hereby authorize M/s. ................................................................... (Name and address of tenderer) to submit tenders, and subsequently negotiate and sign the contract with you against the above tender no...................................

M/s. ...................................................are authorized to bid, negotiate, and conclude the contract in regard to this business against this specific tender.

We also hereby undertake to provide full guarantee/warrantee/AMC as agreed by the tenderer in the event the tenderer is changed, or the tenderer fails to provide satisfactory after sales and service during such period of Comprehensive warranty/AMC and to supply all the spares during the said period.

We also hereby declare that we have the capacity to manufacture and supply, install, and commission the quantity of the scanners tendered within the stipulated time.

Authorized Signatory
(Signature of the Bidder, with Official Seal)
(Name)
for and on behalf of M/s....................................................... (Name of manufacturers)
Date:
Place:

*Note:* This letter of authority should be on the letterhead of the manufacturing concern and should be signed by a person competent and having the power of attorney to bind the manufacturer.


---

# Page 40

# Annexure C: Financial Bid Form (BOQ) in Excel format.

| Item No | Item Title | Item Description | Item Quanity | Unit of Measure | Consignee ID/Address | Delivery Period (No. of Days) | Unit Price (Rs) | GST % Applicable | GST (Rs) | Total Amount Unit Price + GST (Rs) | Brand | Model | HSN Code |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 | Scanners | Supply, Delivery (Including freight & Insurance), installation and confirmation of 20 nos Scanners with Technical Specifications as per mentioned in Bid Document | 20 | Nos. | as per List Attached in Bid Document | 30 days |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |


---

# Page 41

# Annexure D: Draft Contract Agreement

This Contract Agreement is entered into this ________ day of ________ 2025 by and between
Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys and Development Agency (GSDA), Konkan Region having its
principal place of office at Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai -
400 614 Maharashtra, and represented by The Deputy Director, Konkan region hereinafter referred
as "the CLIENT" (which expression shall unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof be
deemed to include its successors and assigns) of the one part

And
M/s. ________ having its registered office at ________ hereinafter referred as "the
SUPPLIER" (which expression shall unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof be
deemed to include its successors and assigns) of the other part.

WHEREAS

The CLIENT desires to purchase from the SUPPLIER, 20 units of Scanners (hereinafter referred to as
"the PRODUCT") (As per specifications); and in that context, the CLIENT had invited competitive bids
through bid no. ________ dated ________ from eligible Bidders for undertaking the supply of the
PRODUCT,

the CLIENT, after evaluating the bids, accepted the Bid submitted by M/s ________ for undertaking
the supply of the PRODUCT as per the terms and conditions of the tender for a total amount of INR
________/- (Rupees ________ only) per unit excluding GST.

The Tender Evaluation Committee of the CLIENT has accepted the above bid of the SUPPLIER vide
meeting held on ________

The CLIENT vide its letter no. ________ dated ________ advised the SUPPLIER to enter into an
Agreement for the said supply of the PRODUCT.

The SUPPLIER has submitted Performance Security in the form of Bank Guarantee amounting to INR
________/- (Rupees ________ only) dated ________ valid through ________ for period ________.

NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:

In this Agreement words and expressions shall have the same meanings as are respectively assigned
to them in the Conditions of Contract referred to.

The following documents constitute the contract (hereinafter referred as "the Contract") between
the CLIENT and the SUPPLIER, and each shall be read and construed as an integral part of the
contract Agreement. This agreement shall prevail over all other contract documents: In the event of
any discrepancy or inconsistency within the contract documents, then the document shall prevail in
the order listed below.

a. This contact Agreement
b. General Conditions of Contract
c. Special Conditions of Contract
d. Annexure - I The Letter of Acceptance
e. Annexure - II Performance Security
f. Annexure - III Technical Specification
g. Tender no. ________ dated ________ along with all relevant documents published in the e-
   Procurement portal
h. Bid ID ________ submitted by SUPPLIER dated ________ through the e-Procurement portal
i. Letter of Intent issued by CLIENT dated ________
j. Acceptance of letter submitted by SUPPLIER dated ________ and performance security in the
   form of Bank Guarantee dated ________


---

# Page 42

In consideration of the payments to be made by the CLIENT to the SUPPLIER, as hereinafter
mentioned, the SUPPLIER hereby covenants with the CLIENT to provide the Goods and Services and
to remedy defects therein in conformity in all respects with the provisions of the Contract.
The CLIENT hereby covenants to pay to the SUPPLIER in consideration of the provision of 20 units of
Scanners, sum of INR /- (Rupees
only) inclusive of GST or such other sum as may become
payable under the provisions of the Contract at the times and in the manner prescribed by the
Contract and provided in the tender document.
IN WITNESS whereof the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed in accordance
with the laws on the day, month and year indicated above.

For and on behalf of the SUPPLIER
For and on behalf of the CLIENT

Signature
Signature
Name:
Name
Designation:
Designation
Groundwater Surveys and Development Agency
(GSDA), having its principal place of business at
Konkan region, 709, 7th Floor, Konkan Bhavan
CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai 400 614
Maharashtra

In the presence of
In the presence of
1.
1 Name
Designation
GSDA, Konkan Region
2.
2 Name
Designation
GSDA, Konkan Region


---

# Page 43

I. GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT (GCC)
1. Definitions
The following words and expressions shall have the meanings hereby
assigned to them:
(a) "Contract" means the Contract Agreement entered into between the
CLIENT and the SUPPLIER, together with the Contract Documents
referred to therein, including all attachments, appendices, and all
documents incorporated by reference therein.
(b) "Contract Documents" means the documents listed in the Contract
Agreement, including any amendments thereto.
(c) "Contract Price" means the price payable to the SUPPLIER as
specified in the Contract Agreement, subject to such additions and
adjustments thereto or deductions there from, as may be made
pursuant to the Contract.
(d) "Contract Period" means the Warranty period i.e. 3 years mentioned
in the Document
(e) "Day" means calendar day.
(f) "Completion" means the fulfilment of the Related Services by the
Supplier in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the
Contract.
(g) "GCC" mean the General Conditions of Contract.
(h) "Goods" means all of the commodities, raw material, machinery and
equipment, and/or other materials that the SUPPLIER is required to
supply to the CLIENT under the Contract.
(i) "SCC" means the Special Conditions of Contract.
(j) "Purchaser" or "Client" means the entity purchasing the Goods and
Related Services, as specified in the SCC.
(k) "Related Services" means the services incidental to the supply of the
goods, such as insurance, installation, start-up, training and initial
maintenance and other such obligations of the SUPPLIER under the
Contract.
(1) "The Project Site," where applicable, means the place named in the
SCC.
(m) "Corrupt Practices" means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting,
directly or indirectly, of anything of value to influence the acts of
another party for wrongful gain.
(n) "Fraudulent Practices" means any act or omission, including mis-
representation that knowingly or recklessly misleads, or attempts to
mislead, a party to obtain financial or other benefit or to avoid an
obligation.
2. Taxes
Duties
and
2.1 The SUPPLIER shall be entirely responsible for all taxes, duties,
license fees, etc., incurred until delivery of the contracted Goods to
the Purchaser.
3.
Contract
Documents
3.1 Subject to the order of precedence set forth in the Contract
Agreement, all documents forming the Contract (and all parts
thereof) are intended to be correlative, complementary, and
mutually explanatory. The Contract Agreement shall be read as a


---

# Page 44

4.  Corrupt
    Fraudulent
    Practices
    &
    whole.
    4.1 The Supplier, its subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates, or each of their
    respective officers, directors, employees or agents, shall refrain from
    performing, condoning or tolerating any corrupt, fraudulent,
    collusive or coercive practices, whether such practices are in relation
    with the performance of the contract or not.
    4.2 The Purchaser requires the Supplier to disclose any commissions or
    fees that may have been paid or are to be paid to agents or any other
    party with respect to the bidding process or execution of the
    Contract. The information disclosed must include at least the name
    and address of the agent or other party, the amount and currency,
    and the purpose of the commission, gratuity or fee.

5.  Interpretation
    5.1 If the context so requires it, singular means plural and vice versa.
    5.2 Inco terms

    (a) Unless inconsistent with any provision of the Contract, the meaning
    of any trade term and the rights and obligations of parties there
    under shall be as prescribed by Inco terms.

    (b) The terms EXW and other similar terms, when used, shall be
    governed by the rules prescribed in the current edition of Inco terms
    specified in the SCC and published by the International Chamber of
    Commerce in Paris, France.

    5.3 Entire Agreement

    The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the
    Purchaser and the Supplier supersedes all communications,
    negotiations and agreements (whether written or oral) of the parties
    with respect thereto made prior to the date of Contract.

    5.4 Amendment

    No amendment or other variation of the Contract shall be valid
    unless it is in writing, is dated, expressly refers to the Contract, and is
    signed by a duly authorized representative of each party thereto.

    5.5 Non-waiver

    (a) Subject to GCC Sub-Clause 5.5(b) below, no relaxation, forbearance,
    delay, or indulgence by either party in enforcing any of the terms and
    conditions of the Contract or the granting of time by either party to
    the other shall prejudice, affect, or restrict the rights of that party
    under the Contract, neither shall any waiver by either party of any
    breach of Contract operate as waiver of any subsequent or
    continuing breach of Contract.

    (b) Any waiver of a party's rights, powers, or remedies under the
    Contract must be in writing, dated, and signed by an authorized
    representative of the party granting such waiver, and must specify
    the right and the extent to which it is being waived.

    5.6 Severability

    If any provision or condition of the Contract is prohibited or
    rendered invalid or unenforceable, such prohibition, invalidity or
    unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
    other provisions and conditions of the Contract.


---

# Page 45

6. Language
6.1 All correspondence and documents relating to the contract by the
supplier and the Client shall be in English. Supporting documents and
printed literature could be in another language provided they are
accompanied by an accurate translation of the relevant passages in
English and same shall be certified by authorised translator. In such
case, for the purposes of interpretation, such translation shall
govern.
6.2 The Supplier shall bear all costs of translation to the governing
language and all risks of the accuracy of such translation, for
documents provided by the Supplier.
7. Eligibility
7.1 The Supplier shall have the nationality of an eligible country. A
Supplier shall be deemed to have the nationality of a country if it is a
citizen or constituted, incorporated, or registered, and operates in
conformity with the provisions of the laws of that country.
7.2 All Goods and Related Services to be supplied under the Contract and
financed by the Bank shall have their origin in Eligible Countries. For
the purpose of this Clause, origin means the country where the
goods have been grown, mined, cultivated, produced, manufactured,
or processed; or through manufacture, processing, or assembly,
another commercially recognized article results that differs
substantially in its basic characteristics from its components.
8. Notices
8.1 Any notice given by one party to the other pursuant to the Contract
shall be in writing to the address specified in the SCC. The term "in
writing" means communicated in written form with proof of receipt.
8.2 A notice shall be effective when delivered or on the notice's effective
date, whichever is later.
9. Governing Law
9.1 The Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the Union of India. Any legal issues arising out of this
contract will be dealt by the Court in the Pune Jurisdiction.
10. Settlement of
Disputes
10.1 The Purchaser and the Supplier shall make every effort to resolve
amicably by direct informal negotiation any disagreement or dispute
arising between them under or in connection with the Contract.
10.2 If, after twenty-eight (28) days, the parties have failed to resolve
their dispute or difference by such mutual consultation, then either
the Purchaser or the Supplier may give notice to the other party of
its intention to commence arbitration, as hereinafter provided, as to
the matter in dispute, and no arbitration in respect of this matter
may be commenced unless such notice is given. Any dispute or
difference in respect of which a notice of intention to commence
arbitration has been given in accordance with this Clause shall be
finally settled by arbitration. Arbitration may be commenced prior to
or after delivery of the Goods under the Contract. Arbitration
proceedings shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of
procedure specified in the SCC.
10.3 Notwithstanding any reference to arbitration herein,
(a) the parties shall continue to perform their respective
obligations under the Contract unless they otherwise agree; and
(b) the Purchaser shall pay the Supplier any money due to the
Supplier.
11. Performance
Security
11.1 If required as specified in the SCC, the Supplier shall, before the
notification of contract award, provide a performance security for


---

# Page 46

11.2 The performance of the Contract in the amount specified in the SCC
The proceeds of the Performance Security shall be payable to the
Purchaser as compensation for any loss
12.  Copyright
12.1 The copyright in all drawings, documents, and other materials
containing data and information furnished to the Purchaser by the
Supplier herein shall remain vested in the Supplier, or, if they are
furnished to the Purchaser directly or through the Supplier by any
third party, including suppliers of materials, the copyright in such
materials shall remain vested in such third party.
13. Confidential
Information
13.1 The Purchaser and the Supplier shall keep confidential and shall not,
without the written consent of the other party hereto, divulge to any
third party any documents, data, or other information furnished
directly or indirectly by the other party hereto in connection with the
Contract, whether such information has been furnished prior to,
during or following completion or termination of the Contract.
Notwithstanding the above, the Supplier may furnish to its
employees, officers such documents, data, and other information it
receives from the Purchaser to the extent required for the
employees, officers to perform its work under the Contract, in which
event the Supplier shall obtain from such employees, officers an
undertaking of confidentiality similar to that imposed on the Supplier
under GCC Clause 5.
13.2 The Purchaser shall not use such documents, data, and other
information received from the Supplier for any purposes unrelated
to the contract. Similarly, the Supplier shall not use such documents,
data, and other information received from the Purchaser for any
purpose other than the performance of the Contract.
13.3 The obligation of a party under GCC Sub-Clauses 5.1 and 5.2 above,
however, shall not apply to information that:
(a) the Purchaser or Supplier need to share with the Bank or other
institutions participating in the financing of the Contract;
(b) now or hereafter enters the public domain through no fault of
that party;
(c) can be proven to have been possessed by that party at the time
of disclosure and which was not previously obtained, directly or
indirectly, from the other party; or
(d) Otherwise lawfully becomes available to that party from a third
party that has no obligation of confidentiality.
13.4 The above provisions of GCC Clause 5 shall not in any way modify
any undertaking of confidentiality given by either of the parties
hereto prior to the date of the Contract in respect of the Supply or
any part thereof.
13.5 The provisions of GCC Clause 5 shall survive completion or
termination, for whatever reason, of the Contract.
14. Subcontracting Subcontracting is Not Allowed
15. Specifications
and Standards
15.1 Technical Specifications and Drawings
(a) The Goods and Related Services supplied under this Contract shall
conform to the technical specifications and standards mentioned in
Section V, Schedule of Requirements and, when no applicable
standard is mentioned, the standard shall be equivalent or superior
to the official standards whose application is appropriate to the
Goods' country of origin.


---

# Page 47

16. Packing and Documents

(b) The Supplier shall be entitled to disclaim responsibility for any
design, data, drawing, specification or other document, or any
modification thereof provided or designed by or on behalf of the
Purchaser, by giving a notice of such disclaimer to the Purchaser.
(c) Wherever references are made in the Contract to codes and
standards in accordance with which it shall be executed, the edition
or the revised version of such codes and standards shall be those
specified in the Schedule of Requirements. During Contract
execution, any changes in any such codes and standards shall be
applied only after approval by the Purchaser and shall be treated in
accordance with GCC Clause.

16.1 15.1 Technical Specifications and Drawings
16.2 (a) The Goods and Related Services supplied under this Contract shall
conform to the technical specifications and standards mentioned in
Section V, Schedule of Requirements and, when no applicable
standard is mentioned, the standard shall be equivalent or superior
to the official standards whose application is appropriate to the
Goods' country of origin.
16.3 (b) The Supplier shall be entitled to disclaim responsibility for any
design, data, drawing, specification or other document, or any
modification thereof provided or designed by or on behalf of the
Purchaser, by giving a notice of such disclaimer to the Purchaser.
16.4 (c) Wherever references are made in the Contract to codes and
standards in accordance with which it shall be executed, the edition
or the revised version of such codes and standards shall be those
specified in the Schedule of Requirements. During Contract
execution, any changes in any such codes and standards shall be
applied only after approval by the Purchaser and shall be treated in
accordance with GCC Clause

17. Insurance

17.1 Unless otherwise specified in the SCC, the Goods supplied under the
Contract shall be fully insured against loss or damage incidental to
manufacture or acquisition, transportation, storage, and delivery, in
accordance with the applicable Incoterms or in the manner specified
in the SCC.

18. Transportation & Incidental Services

18.1 Unless otherwise specified in the SCC, responsibility for arranging
transportation of the Goods shall be in accordance with the specified
Incoterms.
18.2 The Supplier may be required to provide any or all of the following
services, including additional services, if any, specified in Schedule of
Requirements and SCC:
(a) performance or supervision of on-site assembly and/or start-up
of the supplied Goods;
(b) furnishing of tools required for assembly and/or maintenance of
the supplied Goods;
(c) furnishing of a detailed operations and maintenance manual for
each appropriate unit of the supplied Goods;
(d) performance or supervision or maintenance and/or repair of the
supplied Goods, for a period of time agreed by the parties, provided
that this service shall not relieve the Supplier of any warranty
(e) training of the Purchaser's personnel, at the Supplier's plant
and/or on-site, in assembly, start-up, operation, maintenance,
and/or repair of the supplied Goods


---

# Page 48

18.3 Prices charged by the Supplier for incidental services, if not included
in the Contract Price for the Goods, shall be agreed upon in advance
by the parties and shall not exceed the prevailing rates charged to
other parties by the Supplier for similar services.

19. Inspections
and Tests
19.1 The Supplier shall at its own expense and at no cost to the Purchaser
carry out all such tests and/or inspections of the Goods and Related
Services as are specified in the SCC.
19.2 The inspections and tests may be conducted on the premises of the
Supplier, at point of delivery, and/or at the Goods' final destination,
or in another place in the Purchaser's Country as specified in the
SCC. Subject to GCC, if conducted on the premises of the Supplier, all
reasonable facilities and assistance, including access to drawings and
production data, shall be furnished to the inspectors at no charge to
the Purchaser.
19.3 The Purchaser or its designated representative shall be entitled to
attend the tests and/or inspections referred to in GCC, provided that
the Purchaser bear all of its own costs and expenses incurred in
connection with such attendance including, but not limited to, all
travelling and board and lodging expenses.
19.4 Whenever the Supplier is ready to carry out any such test and
inspection, it shall give a reasonable advance notice, including the
place and time, to the Purchaser. The Supplier shall obtain from any
relevant third party or manufacturer any necessary permission or
consent to enable the Purchaser or its designated representative to
attend the test and/or inspection.
19.5 The Purchaser may require the Supplier to carry out any test and/or
inspection not required by the Contract but deemed necessary to
verify that the characteristics and performance of the Goods comply
with the technical specifications' codes and standards under the
Contract, provided that the Supplier's reasonable costs and expenses
incurred in the carrying out of such test and/or inspection shall be
added to the Contract Price. Further, if such test and/or inspection
impede the progress of manufacturing and/or the Supplier's
performance of its other obligations under the Contract, due
allowance will be made in respect of the Delivery Dates and
Completion Dates and the other obligations so affected.
19.6 The Supplier shall provide the Purchaser with a report of the results
of any such test and/or inspection.
19.7 The Purchaser may reject any Goods or any part thereof that fail to
pass any test and/or inspection or do not conform to the
specifications. The Supplier shall either rectify or replace such
rejected Goods or parts thereof or make alterations necessary to
meet the specifications at no cost to the Purchaser, and shall repeat
the test and/or inspection, at no cost to the Purchaser, upon giving a
notice pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 11.4.
19.8 The Supplier agrees that neither the execution of a test and/or
inspection of the Goods or any part thereof, nor the attendance by
the Purchaser or its representative, nor the issue of any report
pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 11.6, shall release the Supplier from any
warranties or other obligations under the Contract.
19.9 The material/ Instrument will be inspected and tested by the bidder
at his cost from Government Engineering College, Maharashtra (as
mentioned in 3.2 Eligible Criteria S.No 12) before delivery and


---

# Page 49

necessary Certificate in support of this should be produced at the
time of delivery. The certificate should clearly mention the batch No.
of the goods by the Inspection Authority.
20. Liquidated 20.1 If the Supplier fails to deliver any or all of the Goods by the Date(s) of
Damages delivery or perform the Related Services within the period specified
in the Contract, the Purchaser may without prejudice to all its other
remedies under the Contract, deduct from the Contract Price, as
liquidated damages, a sum equivalent to the percentage specified in
the SCC of the delivered price of the delayed Goods or unperformed
Services for each week or part thereof of delay until actual delivery
or performance, up to a maximum deduction of the percentage
specified in those SCC. Once the maximum is reached, the Purchaser
may terminate the Contract pursuant to GCC Clause 20.
20.2 Any delay by the successful bidder in the Supply & installation of
material / Instrument shall render the supplier liable to be charged
liquidated damages @ 2 % per week or part thereof subject to a
maximum of 10% of purchase order value which will be deducted
from the payment due. If the value of the liquidated damages
exceeds 10%, in such case the Purchaser may terminate the contract
without any liability on the Purchaser.

21. Warranty 21.1 The Supplier warrants that all the Goods are new, unused, and of the
most recent or current models, and that they incorporate all recent
improvements in design and materials, unless provided otherwise in
the Contract.
21.2 The Supplier further warrants that the Goods shall be free from
defects arising from any act or omission of the Supplier or arising
from design, materials, and workmanship, under normal use in the
conditions prevailing in the country of final destination.
21.3 ΝΑ
21.4 The Purchaser shall give notice to the Supplier stating the nature of
any such defects together with all available evidence thereof,
promptly following the discovery thereof. The Purchaser shall afford
all reasonable opportunity for the Supplier to inspect such defects.
21.5 Upon receipt of such notice, the Supplier shall, within the period
specified in the SCC, expeditiously repair or replace the defective
Goods or parts thereof, at no cost to the Purchaser.
21.6 If having been notified, the Supplier fails to remedy the defect within
the period specified in the SCC, the Purchaser may proceed to take
within a reasonable period such remedial action as may be
necessary, at the Supplier's risk and expense and without prejudice
to any other rights which the Purchaser may have against the
Supplier under the Contract.
21.7 The Total period of validity of Warranty shall be 3 (Three) Years after
successful installation, testing, commissioning and acceptance.

22. Patent 22.1 The Supplier shall, indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and
Indemnity its employees and officers from and against any and all suits, actions
or administrative proceedings, claims, demands, losses, damages,
costs, and expenses of any nature, including attorney's fees and
expenses, which the Purchaser may suffer as a result of any
infringement or alleged infringement of any patent, utility model,
registered design, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual
property right registered or otherwise existing at the date of the


---

# Page 50

Contract by reason of:
(a) the installation of the Goods by the Supplier or the use of the
Goods in the country where the Site is located; and
(b) The sale in any country of the products produced by the Goods.
Such indemnity shall not cover any use of the Goods or any part
thereof other than for the purpose indicated by or to be reasonably
inferred from the Contract, neither any infringement resulting from
the use of the Goods or any part thereof, or any products produced
thereby in association or combination with any other equipment,
plant, or materials not supplied by the Supplier, pursuant to the
Contract.
22.2 If any proceedings are brought or any claim is made against the
Purchaser arising out of the matters referred to in GCC Sub-Clause
22.1, the Purchaser shall promptly give the Supplier a notice thereof,
and the Supplier may at its own expense and in the Purchaser's
name conduct such proceedings or claim and any negotiations for
the settlement of any such proceedings or claim.
22.3 If the Supplier fails to notify the Purchaser within twenty-eight (28)
days after receipt of such notice that it intends to conduct any such
proceedings or claim, then the Purchaser shall be free to conduct the
same on its own behalf.
22.4 The Purchaser shall, at the Supplier's request, afford all available
assistance to the Supplier in conducting such proceedings or claim,
and shall be reimbursed by the Supplier for all reasonable expenses
incurred in so doing.
22.5 The Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Supplier and its
employees, officers, from and against any and all suits, actions or
administrative proceedings, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs,
and expenses of any nature, including attorney's fees and expenses,
which the Supplier may suffer as a result of any infringement or
alleged infringement of any patent, utility model, registered design,
trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property right registered
or otherwise existing at the date of the Contract arising out of or in
connection with any design, data, drawing, specification, or other
documents or materials provided or designed by or on behalf of the
Purchaser.

23.  Limitation of 23.1 Except in cases of criminal negligence or wilful misconduct,
Liability (a) the Supplier shall not be liable to the Purchaser, whether in
contract, tort, or otherwise, for any indirect or consequential loss or
damage, loss of use, loss of production, or loss of profits or interest
costs, provided that this exclusion shall not apply to any obligation of
the Supplier to pay liquidated damages to the Purchaser, and
(b) the aggregate liability of the Supplier to the Purchaser, whether
under the Contract, in tort or otherwise, shall not exceed the total
Contract Price, provided that this limitation shall not apply to the
cost of repairing or replacing defective equipment, or to any
obligation of the supplier to indemnify the purchaser with respect to
patent infringement.

24. Change in 24.1 Unless otherwise specified in the Contract, if after the date of 28
Laws and days prior to date of Bid submission, any law, regulation, ordinance,
Regulations order or bylaw having the force of law is enacted, promulgated,
abrogated, or changed in India, where the Site is located (which shall
be deemed to include any change in interpretation or application by


---

# Page 51

25. Force Majeure

the competent authorities) that subsequently affects the Delivery
Date and/or the Contract Price, then such Delivery Date and/or
Contract Price shall be correspondingly increased or decreased, to
the extent that the Supplier has thereby been affected in the
performance of any of its obligations under the Contract.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, such additional or reduced cost shall
not be separately paid or credited if the same has already been
accounted for in the price adjustment provisions where applicable, in
accordance with SCC Clause 5.
25.1 The Supplier shall not be liable for forfeiture of its Performance
Security, liquidated damages, or termination for default if and to the
extent that it's delay in performance or other failure to perform its
obligations under the Contract is the result of an event of Force
Majeure.
25.2 For purposes of this Clause, "Force Majeure" means an event or
situation beyond the control of the Supplier that is not foreseeable,
is unavoidable, and its origin is not due to negligence or lack of care
on the part of the Supplier. Such events may include, but not be
limited to, acts of the Purchaser in its sovereign capacity, wars or
revolutions, fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, and
freight embargoes.
25.3 If a Force Majeure situation arises, the Supplier shall promptly notify
the Purchaser in writing of such condition and the cause thereof.
Unless otherwise directed by the Purchaser in writing, the Supplier
shall continue to perform its obligations under the Contract as far as
is reasonably practical and shall seek all reasonable alternative
means for performance not prevented by the Force Majeure event.

26. Change Orders
and Contract
Amendments
26.1 The Purchaser may at any time order the Supplier through notice in
accordance GCC, to make changes within the general scope of the
Contract in any one or more of the following:
(a) drawings, designs, or specifications, where Goods to be furnished
under the Contract are to be specifically manufactured for the
Purchaser;
(b) the method of shipment or packing;
(c) the place of delivery; and
(d) The Related Services to be provided by the Supplier.
26.2 If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or
the time required for, the Supplier's performance of any provisions
under the Contract, an equitable adjustment shall be made in the
Contract Price or in the Delivery/Completion Schedule, or both, and
the Contract shall accordingly be amended. Any claims by the
Supplier for adjustment under this Clause must be asserted within
twenty-eight (28) days from the date of the Supplier's receipt of the
Purchaser's change order.
26.3 Prices to be charged by the Supplier for any Related Services that
might be needed but which were not included in the Contract shall
be agreed upon in advance by the parties and shall not exceed the
prevailing rates charged to other parties by the Supplier for similar
services.
26.4 Subject to the above, no variation in or modification of the terms of
the Contract shall be made except by written amendment signed by
the parties.


---

# Page 52

27. Extensions of
Time
28. Termination
27.1 If at any time during performance of the Contract, the Supplier
should encounter conditions impeding timely delivery of the Goods
or completion of Related Services pursuant to bid document, the
Supplier shall promptly notify the Purchaser in writing of the delay,
its likely duration, and its cause. As soon as practicable after receipt
of the Supplier's notice, the Purchaser shall evaluate the situation
and may at its discretion extend the Supplier's time for performance,
in which case the extension shall be ratified by the parties by
amendment of the Contract.
27.2 Except in case of Force Majeure, as provided under GCC, a delay by
the Supplier in the performance of its Delivery and Completion
obligations shall render the Supplier liable to the imposition of
liquidated damages pursuant to GCC Clause 20, unless an extension
of time is agreed upon, pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 27.1.
28.1 Termination for Default
(a) The Purchaser, without prejudice to any other remedy for breach
of Contract, by written notice of default sent to the Supplier, may
terminate the Contract in whole or in part:
(i) if the Supplier fails to deliver any or all of the Goods within the
period specified in the Contract, or within any extension thereof
granted by the Purchaser pursuant to GCC Clause 27;
(ii) if the Supplier fails to perform any other obligation under the
Contract; or
(iii) if the Supplier, in the judgment of the Purchaser has engaged in
fraud and corruption, as defined in bid document, in competing for
or in executing the Contract.
(b) In the event the Purchaser terminates the Contract in whole or in
part, pursuant to GCC Clause 28.1(a), the Purchaser may procure,
upon such terms and in such manner as it deems appropriate, Goods
or Related Services similar to those undelivered or not performed,
and the Supplier shall be liable to the Purchaser for any additional
costs for such similar Goods or Related Services. However, the
Supplier shall continue performance of the Contract to the extent
not terminated.
28.2 Termination for Insolvency.
(a) The Purchaser may at any time terminate the Contract by giving
notice to the Supplier if the Supplier becomes bankrupt or otherwise
insolvent. In such event, termination will be without compensation
to the Supplier, provided that such termination will not prejudice or
affect any right of action or remedy that has accrued or will accrue
thereafter to the Purchaser.
28.3 Termination for Convenience.
(a) The Purchaser, by notice sent to the Supplier, may terminate the
Contract, in whole or in part, at any time for its convenience. The
notice of termination shall specify that termination is for the
Purchaser's convenience, the extent to which performance of the
Supplier under the Contract is terminated, and the date upon which
such termination becomes effective.
(b) The Goods that are complete and ready for shipment within
twenty-eight (28) days after the Supplier's receipt of notice of
termination shall be accepted by the Purchaser at the Contract terms
and prices. For the remaining Goods, the Purchaser may elect:
(i) to have any portion completed and delivered at the Contract


---

# Page 53

terms and prices; and/or
(ii) to cancel the remainder and pay to the Supplier an agreed
amount for partially completed Goods and Related Services and for
materials and parts previously procured by the Supplier.
29. Assignment
29.1 Neither the Purchaser nor the Supplier shall assign, in whole or in
part, their obligations under this Contract, except with prior written
consent of the other party.
30. Risk Purchase
30.1 The contractor fails to deliver the stores of any instalment thereof
within the period fixed for such delivery or at any time repudiates
the contract before the expiry of such period, the Government is
entitled to cancel the contract and repurchase the stores not
delivered at the risk and cost of the defaulting contractor. In the
event of such a risk purchase, the defaulting contractor shall be
liable for any loss which the Government may sustain on that
account provided the purchase, or if there is an agreement to
purchase, such agreement is made, in case of default to deliver the
stores by the stipulated delivery period, within six months from the
date of such default and in case of repudiation of the contract before
the expiry of the aforesaid delivery, within six months from the date
of cancellation of the contract.
31. Fall Clause
31.1 It is a condition of the contract that all through the currency thereof,
the price at which you will the supply stores should not exceed the
lowest price charged by you to any customer during the currency of
the rate contract and that in the event of the prices going down
below the rate contract prices you shall promptly furnish such
information to us to unable to amend the contract rates for
subsequent supplies.
32. Service Level
Benchmarks

| SI. No. | Service Parameter | Requirements | Penalty |
|---|---|---|---|
| 1 | Operational efficiency | In the event of breakdown of the equipment, it must be restored to operational condition within 3 working days. | In the event of failure to restore the equipment within stipulated time, a penalty of INR/- shall be imposed for each additional day of delay. |
| 2 | Deployment of resources | Replacement to be given for absence more than 5 consecutive working days Replacement to be provided within one month – non satisfactory performance | Penalty INR/- may be levied for each event of default. |


---

# Page 54

# II. SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT (SCC)
The following Special Conditions of Contract (SCC) shall supplement and/or amend the General
Conditions of Contract (GCC). Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over
those in the GCC.

1.  For notices, the Purchaser's address shall be: -

    Deputy Director, Groundwater Surveys & Development Agency (GSDA), Konkan region, Water
    Supply and Sanitation Department (WSSD), Government of Maharashtra (GoM), Konkan
    region, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614 Maharashtra
2.  The scope of supply for the Goods and Related Services to be supplied shall be as specified in
    the Schedule of requirement. Issue of Supply/ Work Order under this shall be based on
    availability of funding.
3.  Details of Shipping and other Documents to be furnished by the Supplier are given below:

    Upon delivery of the goods to the transporter/consignee, the supplier shall notify the
    purchaser and mail the following documents to the purchaser.

    i) Three Copies of the supplier invoice showing contract number, goods description,
    quantity, unit price, total amount

    ii) Delivery note, Railway receipt, or Road consignment note or equivalent transport
    document or acknowledgement of receipt of goods from the Consignee.

    iii) Copy of packing list identifying contents of each package.

    iv) Insurance certificate

    v) Manufacturer's Supplier's warranty certificate.

    vi) Inspection certificate issued by the nominated inspection agency and the Supplier's
    factory inspection report and

    vii) Certificate or origin.

    The above documents shall be received by the Purchaser before arrival of the Goods (except
    where it is handed over to the Consignee with all documents) and if not received, the supplier
    will be responsible for any consequent expenses.
4.  The Contract Price includes the supply of Goods and related Services
5.  Payment shall be made in Indian Rupees in the following manner:

    The payment shall be made to the supplier by the Deputy Director, GSDA, Konkan Region for
    the product supplied as per schedule -A after successful delivery, delivery inspection,
    installation, third-party inspection, and training/ demonstration. No advance shall be paid in
    any circumstances.

    (a) 60 % payment shall be made on receipt and acceptance of goods (Scanner) by GSDA
    (various Senior Geologist offices, GSDA of Konkan region as per Appendix D) and on
    submission of all required documents by the supplier to GSDA along with third-party
    inspection report. Balance 40 % on successful installation and commissioning and acceptance
    by the consignee (various Senior Geologist offices, GSDA of Konkan region as per Appendix D)

    (b) TDS will be deducted as per Income tax rule.

    Payment of GST will be against valid Invoice as per GST Act & Rules and submission of GST
    Registration Certificate along with declaration that GST Registration is valid and all liabilities
    towards GST have been discharged by the Supplier. GST amount will be reimbursed after 30
    days of submission of valid Invoice and all required documents and declaration by Supplier.

    "GST" means all four Acts CGST, SGST, UTGST, IGST and any other regulations by Government


---

# Page 55

in relation to GST and rules thereto.
6. The payment will be made only after availability of funds, and subject to the closer of project.
   Payment will be made through the PFMS portal of the Government of India.
7. a) Performance Security to the Purchaser shall be for an amount of 05% (five) (as per
   clause 6.1.2 of Manual for Procurement of Goods, Second Edition 2024.) of the
   contract value, valid up to 60 days after the date of completion of performance
   obligations including warranty obligations.
   b) In the event of any correction of defects or replacement of defective material during
   the warranty period, the warranty for the corrected/ replaced material shall be
   extended to a further period of 12 months and the Performance. Bank guarantee for
   proportionate value shall be extended 60 days over and above the extended warranty
   period.
8. The Performance Security shall be in the form of a "Bank Guarantee" drawn in favour of the
   Purchaser.
9. Discharge of the performance Security shall take place not later than 60 days following the
   date of completion of the Supplier's performance obligations, including the warranty
   obligations, under the contract.
10. In the event of any contractual amendment, the Supplier shall, within 15 days of receipt of
    such amendment, furnish the amendment to the Performance Security, rendering the same
    valid for the duration of the Contract, as amended for 60 days after the completion of
    performance obligations including warranty obligations.
11. The supplier shall get each item indicated in the Schedule of requirement inspected in
    manufacturer's works or at the premises of supplier and submit a test certificate and also
    manufacturer's guarantee/warranty certificate that the items conform to the laid down
    specification.
12. The purchaser or its representative may inspect and/ or test any or all the items to confirm
    their conformity to the contract specification. Prior to dispatch from the manufacturer's
    premises/Supplier's premises. Such inspection and clearance will not prejudice the right of the
    consignee to inspect and test the items on receipt at destination to verify conformity to
    technical specification.
13. If the items are fails to meet the laid down specification the supplier shall take immediate
    steps to remedy the deficiency or replace the defective parts of the each to the satisfaction of
    the purchaser/consignee.
14. The material/ Instrument will be inspected and tested by the bidder at his cost from
    Government Engineering College, Maharashtra (as mentioned in Eligibility Criteria 3.2 S.No.12
    before delivery and necessary Certificate in support of this should be produced at the time of
    delivery. The certificate should clearly mention the batch No. of the goods by the Inspection
    Authority.


---

# Page 56

# Appendix A: Technical Specifications

As per RFP Annexure A: Technical Specifications


---

# Page 57

# Appendix B: General Notice

## Inspection:

1) 100% Third-party inspection of the Scanners will be carried out by the Government Engineering
College, Maharashtra before dispatch. The cost of third-party inspection shall be borne by the
supplier. For inspection, Clause 4.14 of Instruction to bidder shall be applicable.

2) The inspection of delivered product will be carried out by Senior Geologist of respective districts
in Konkan Region, Maharashtra.

## Installation/Demonstration/Training/:

The training/demonstration regarding the product must be arranged by the Supplier in coordination
with the Sr. Geologist/ Authorised Signatory from respective district of GSDA, Konkan Region the
respective locations within 15 days from the date of delivery of the product.

## Guarantee Warranty:

This Supply Order includes warranty as stipulated in Clause 4.16 of RFP and Annexure B: Terms of
Reference (TOR). Supplier shall ensure that key product information including third-party inspection
certificate is displayed in the product box in an appropriate manner.

## Delivery Period:

Within 30 Days from the date of issue of this Supply Order.


---

# Page 58

III. Appendix C: Certificate of Receipt of Goods

# Certificate of Receipt of Goods

Supplier Name:
Supplier's Address:

Supply Order No.:
Supply Order Date: ____________/2025

Senior Geologist office Name :
Senior Geologist office Address:

## Description of Goods Delivered:

| Sr. No. | Name of the Scanners | Quantity Ordered | Quantity Delivered | Specification | Total Value of the Scanners |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |

Total Value of the Goods Delivered: INR ___________________________ (Rupees _________ only)

Delivery Date: ____________/2025

I hereby confirm that the above-mentioned goods have been received in good condition and in accordance with the agreed delivery date.

Name of Authorized Signatory/ Receiving Officer:
Designation:
Signature:
Date: ____________/2025
Seal:

## Enclosures:
1.
2.


---

# Page 59

Note:
1. Certificate of Receipt of Goods shall be issued only after receipt and acceptance of goods by
GSDA at the location of delivery.
2. Upon delivery of the goods, the supplier is required to obtain a Certificate of Receipt of
Goods, which must be duly signed by the Authorized Signatory/ Receiving Officer of the
laboratory along with the date and seal of the laboratory. The supplier must submit this
Certificate of Receipt of Goods along invoice and other documents as instructed by GSDA as
proof of delivery for release of payment as per the conditions of agreement and supply
order.


---

# Page 60

# Appendix D: List of Senior Geologist for Supply of Scanners

| SN | Office | Address | District | Block/ Taluka | Pin code No. | Contact No. | Quantity to be supplied (Nos) |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 | Regional Water Testing Laboratory, Deputy Director Office, Konkan Bhavan, CBD Belapur , Navi Mumbai. | GSDA, Room No 313, 3 rd Floor , Konkan Bhavan, CBD Belapur , Navi Mumbai. | Thane | Navi Mumbai | 400614 | 9930991842 / 9975838402 | 2 |
| 2 | Senior Geologist Office, Ground Water Survey & Development Agency Thane | Niyojan Bhavan, 5th Floor, Collector Office Compound, Thane | Thane | Thane | 400601 | 9623641368 / 9594268827 | 1 |
| 3 | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory, Shahapur | Panchayat Samiti Compus, Shahapur, | Thane | Shahapur | 421601 | 9665702301 / 9270140765 | 1 |
| 4 | District Water Testing Laboratory, Palghar | Survey No. 115,A-1,in premises of MJP office, Near Gothanpur Water Supply Storage Tank, On Palghar-Boisar Rd. | Palghar | Palghar | 401404 | 9403454201 / 9970872961 | 1 |
| 5 | Sub Divisional Laboratory, Dahanu | Cottage Hospital Building, Dahanu Aagar, | Palghar | Dahanu | 401602 | 9890317194 | 1 |
| 6 | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory, Jawhar | Patangshaha Cottage Sub District Hospital Building, Jawhar | Palghar | Jawhar |  | 9209664272 | 1 |
| 7 | Sub Divisional Laboratory, Wada | Rural Hospital Building, Opposite ST Bus stand Wada, | Palghar | Wada | 401404 | 9970872961 | 1 |
| 8 | District Water Testing Laboratory, Raigad | H.NO.640, Chendhre, 1st Floor, Alibaug | Raigad | Alibaug | 402201 | 9763252661 / 9922709978 | 1 |
| 9 | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory, Karjat | At Malwadi road, Sai Ganesh Housing Socity, Gurunagar, Karjat | Raigad | Karjat | 410 201 | 8999656161 | 1 |
| 10 | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory, Roha | Post Warase Lakshmi Niwas, near Nishtha General store Roha | Raigad | Roha | 402 116 | 9028114885 | 1 |
| 11 | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory, Mahad | 1st floor Kapadi complex,Navenagar, Mahad | Raigad | Mahad | 402 301 | 7030337302 / 8149604992 | 1 |
| 12 | Disrict Water Testing Laboratory, Ratnagiri | C/O Maharashtra jeevan Pradikaran Premises, Salavi Stop Ratnagiri. | Ratnagiri | Ratnagiri | 415639 | 7588763477 | 1 |
| 13 | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory,Dapoli | Sub Divisional Hospital Dapoli campus At/Post Dapoli. | Ratnagiri | Dapoli | 415713 | 9168060334 | 1 |
| 14 | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory,Kamathe | House No.952 A wing Samrath Nagar building Kapsal. | Ratnagiri | Chiplun | 415605 | 9146952591 | 1 |


---

# Page 61

| 16   | District Water Testing Laboratory, Sindhudurg  | Plot no.51, Navanagar Vikas Pradhikaran Sindhudurg, Opposite to Don Bosco School, Sindhudurgnagari Oros. | Sindhudurg   | Kudal         | 416812       | 9405924546 / 8850408506 |                1                 |
| 17   | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory, Kankavali  | Kalmath Bazarpeth Tal. Kankavali, Dist. Sindhudurg. | Sindhudurg   | Kankaval         | 416602       | 9420433495 / 9689582109 |                1                 |
| 18   | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory, Malvan   | Revalate, Tal. Malvan, Dist. Sindhudurg. | Sindhudurg   | Malvan         | 416606       | 9405924546 / 9689582109 |                1                 |
| 19   | Sub Divisional Water Testing Laboratory, Sawantwadi   | Sabniswada, Sawantwadi, | Sindhudurg   | Sawantwadl         | 416510       | 7887335477 |                1                 |
